# Introduction

The way labor is performed has drastically changed since the application of the theories of scientific management, introduced in 20th century Taylorism. By minimalizing labor intensity, efficiency can be optimized, resulting in more lucrative business management in factories. With the arrival of the digital- and information age, more and more workers find their jobs in communication and technological sectors. It could be argued that modern offices are "intellectual factories", where the same Taylorist ideas could be applied. Every office worker would receive a desk, computer and chair. The reduction of labor intensity in this case can easily be seen in a heavy reduction of physical activity to improve intellectual processes. Science has proven that lack of physical activity results in alarming health disorders such as cardiovascular diseases. The deeper problem lies in the sitting culture currently established in modern office environments. These environments are designed for office employees to perform their work while seated. Therefore, to a behavioural intervention is required.

How can we learn office workers to work more dynamically, using an IoT-application where physical activity is stimulated and ergonomic information is gathered to raise awareness about the sitting culture? How can we help office workers stand up against seating culture?



Healthy Workers zet zich in om werknemerswelzijn te meten en te verbeteren bij grote corporate bedrijven. Naast het management bestaat het team uit developers, designers, onderzoekers en psychologen. Healthy Workers is nog jong, maar de start-up ondergaat een sterke groei. Door sensoren in kantoorruimtes te hangen verricht Healthy Workers objectieve metingen over de fysieke werkomgeving. Denk hierbij aan metingen over de binnentemperatuur, luchtkwaliteit en geluidsniveaus. Ook heeft Healthy Workers een web-app ontwikkelt die middels vragenlijsten subjectieve input van elke kantoormedewerker vraagt over hoe zij de werkomgeving ervaren. Denk hierbij aan vragen over hun relaties met collega's, of ze hun persoonlijke leerdoelen behalen en of ze zich op hun plek voelen bij het bedrijf. Healthy Workers noemt zichzelf een bedrijfs-'thermometer'. Ze verrichten metingen, analyseren de resultaten, delen de inzichten met het management en doen suggesties voor hoe de werkomgeving verbeterd kan worden waardoor het werknemerswelzijn zal stijgen. Ook is Healthy Workers vervolgens aangesloten bij interventiepartijen die deze verbeteringen kunnen implementeren. De interventies worden gevalideerd op haar rendabiliteit. Dit proces wordt herhaald totdat het personeelsbestand aantoonbaar meer bevlogen is. De voornaamste doelen van Healthy Workers zijn het laten stijgen van bevlogenheid en productiviteit van werknemers, bedrijven aantrekkelijk maken voor talenten en deze ook binnen houden en het verminderen van ziekteverzuim en gezondheidsklachten.

Healthy Workers is an Amsterdam-based tech-startup. The company measures and improves employee wellbeing in office environments. Healthy Workers measure objective wellbeing by analysing sensor-data in office spaces, these measurements include air quality, indoor temperature, humidity and noise. Healthy Workers has also developed a web-app that gathers subjective input from each office worker by asking questions about how they experience the work environment. They carry out measurements, analyze the results, share the insights with the management and make suggestions for how the working environment can be improved so that employee well-being will increase. Healthy Workers is then also connected to intervention parties who can implement these improvements. In April 2018 the company asked me to design a technology that could both measure and improve physical wellbeing for full-time office workers. Based on my research I concluded that ergonomics and the sitting culture have by far the most hazardous consequences for the wellbeing of office workers.